Add Eigen port to ESP (#95)
espressif/idf-extra-components: eigen/README.md

> The component port Eigen library into the esp-idf.
> The Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, numerical solvers, and related algorithms.
> The source code for Eigne is here: https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Eigen for ESP-IDF

This component ports Eigen library into the esp-idf.

**Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, numerical solvers, and related algorithms.**

For more information go to http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/.

For ***pull request***, ***bug reports***, and ***feature requests***, go to https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen.

```

> The component include Eigen library into the esp-idf as a component.

Reviewer 2: "The component ... as a component"

The Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, numerical solvers, and related algorithms.
The source code for Eigne is here: https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen

> The example SVD shows how to include Eigen library into the esp-idf project.

Reviewer 2: Since there is no example (yet), suggest removing this line.
